1ª Sessão

Compare Visual Studio 2022 Editions
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/compare/
Visual Studio Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/
Keyboard shortcuts for Visual Studio Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/configure/keybindings
https://code.visualstudio.com/shortcuts/keyboard-shortcuts-windows.pdf
Emmet
https://emmet.io/
Emmet in Visual Studio Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/emmet
Emmet Cheat Sheet
https://docs.emmet.io/cheat-sheet/
Lorem Ipsum
https://www.lipsum.com/feed/html
Information about the compatibility of web technologies with different browsers
https://caniuse.com/
https://caniuse.com/ciu/index
Figma
https://www.figma.com/
Inkscape - ferramenta de desenho vectorial
https://inkscape.org/
GIMP - Ferramenta de desenho bitmap
https://www.gimp.org/
HTML
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Structuring_content
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML



2ª Sessão

The HTML Handbook – Learn HTML for Beginners
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-html-handbook/
W3Schools - HTML Tutorial
https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp
Gitlab
https://about.gitlab.com/
Bitbucket
https://bitbucket.org/product/
Version Control
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Version_control
Git
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git
Livro Pro Git
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2
Atlassian
https://www.atlassian.com/
Developer Roadmaps
https://roadmap.sh/
https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/devops
Tiobe Programming Index
https://www.tiobe.com/tiobe-index/
Low Code Development - Outsystems
https://www.outsystems.com/low-code/
ITJobs
https://www.itjobs.pt/
Indeed
https://pt.indeed.com/?r=us
ASCII
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASCII
ASCII Table
https://www.ascii-code.com/
Unicode
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicode
UTF-8
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8
ISO/IEC 8859-1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_8859-1



3ª Sessão

Google Fonts
https://fonts.google.com/
CSS Zen Garden
https://csszengarden.com/
CSS Fonts
https://flaviocopes.com/css-fonts/
CSS current work & how to participate
https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/current-work.en.html



4ª Sessão

CSS Handbook
https://flaviocopes.pages.dev/books/css-handbook.pdf
CSS: Cascading Style Sheets
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS
CSS styling basics
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Styling_basics
CSS Tutorial
https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp
CSS Tricks
https://css-tricks.com/



5" Sessão

WayBack Machine
https://web.archive.org/
HTML5 Element Index
https://html5doctor.com/element-index/
CSS Flexible Box Layout Module Level 1
https://www.w3.org/TR/css-flexbox-1/
CSS Flexbox Layout Guide
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
Flexbox
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/CSS_layout/Flexbox
Basic concepts of flexbox
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flexible_box_layout/Basic_concepts_of_flexbox
Para aprender Flexbox
https://flexboxfroggy.com/
https://codingfantasy.com/games/flexboxadventure
http://www.flexboxdefense.com/
https://mastery.games/post/flexboxzombies2/
https://preview.webflow.com/preview/flexbox-game?preview=d1a26b027c4803817087a91c651e321f&m=1



6ª Sessão

Utilização de FLexbox e CSS Grid
https://www.porsche.com/portugal/
A/B testing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A/B_testing
Cursor - The AI Code Editor
https://cursor.com/



7ª Sessão

Color Everything in CSS
https://css-tricks.com/color-everything-in-css/
hsl()
https://css-tricks.com/almanac/functions/h/hsl/
opacity
https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/o/opacity/
Scalable Vector Graphics Color Names
https://johndecember.com/html/spec/colorsvg.html
Adobe Color
https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel
Pantone
https://www.pantone.com/eu/en/
CSS values and units
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Styling_basics/Values_and_units
CSS Units
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_units.php
Incoming: 20 new CSS viewport units
https://www.terluinwebdesign.nl/en/blog/incoming-20-new-css-viewport-units-svh-lvh-dvh-svw-lvw-dvw/
MediaQueries.es
https://web.archive.org/web/20240111080408/https://mediaqueri.es/
Media queries
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_queries
Aspect ratio (image)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspect_ratio_(image)
16:9 aspect ratio
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/16:9_aspect_ratio
device-pixel-ratio
https://cloudinary.com/glossary/device-pixel-ratio
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-webkit-device-pixel-ratio